Fix iceberg table creation using glue metastore (#20699)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/iceberg.rst

      format_version = '2'
    )

.. note::

>     `GlueHiveMetastore` makes use of DynamoDb based locking mechanism. Please assign a policy similar to the below to the IAM user being used for creating table using glue catalog::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `GlueHiveMetastore` makes use of DynamoDb based locking mechanism. Please assign a policy similar to the one shown below to the IAM user being used for creating tables using a Glue catalog::
```
